---
layout: post
title: "Git pages in 2hours"
description: "This is an ariticle about tutorial to git pages."
category: Tutorial
tags: [Github, Github pages, Jekyll]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

* What is TDD?
 * Test is written firstly, typically (or manunally no test code is needed)
 * Code is not considered finished till all tests passed
 * All requirements are covered in testse

* Wwhy TDD?
 * Safe modification?
 * Solid architecture/design before writing code (design while testing). Help clarify and ensure the design is clean and relistic, if it is easily callable and testable. Because you must imagine how the functionality will be used by clients. And the forcus is on interface, not implementation!
 * shorten cycle of writing code and testing. Enable/allow small steps. Provide rapid, find-grained concrete feedback, in minutes
 * Mistakes are shallow and obvious
 * Self-documenting code: the test!
 * Code is decoupled. You are forced to think the methods in small steps and can be written and test independantly. This leads to cohesion methods, looser coupling and cleaner interface.
 * Requirement oriented

* Concern
 * Learning curve
  - Requirement must be understood (how many times blind coding is done by a inexperienced or even experienced programmer?)
  - What the code should do must be understood
 * Do I need to finish all tests before start? Depends. TDD is not about taking tiny steps, it is about being able to take such small steps. Feel free to take bigger ones when confident

 * Coding and testing not parallel
* Fake it till make it
* For testing each API:
 * Possitive testing
 * Negative testing
 * Boundary testing
* Ron Jeffries: TDD - Clean code that works
* Steps
 * Add A TEST
 * Run all tests and see the new one fail
 * write some code, MAKE IT WORK
 * run all tests and see them all succeed
 * refactor the code MAKE IT RIGHT
 * repreat:
   * Refactor to remove redundancy and increase expressiveness
   * Avoid reengineering it. If there are alots more requirements still left
     * KISS keep it simple stupid
     * YAGNI you ain't gonna need it
- How to write a test
 1. write a test for a new feature. 
   - The test must fail!
   - It may not even compile!
 2. write minium code to make it compile
 3. write minum code to make it pass (fake)
 4. Better to start from the best possible API and work backward
 5. The focus here is on the test, not the solution
 6. The code will not be perfect an may pass he test inelegantly
 7. Create a todo list during the quick green

- Strategies
 - Fake it till you make it. hack it make tests pass and then refactor it.
 - Obvious implementation: write good/proper solution immediately if it is obvious to you, won't take long and step size feels right.
 - Triangulation: Add more assertions; test negatively as well as positively. This will expose bug or add todo list
